You know, I mean, we were talking a little bit when we weren't recording and you know, you were, you know, your back's a little bit sore or your knees a little bit sore. I, a lot of times, even when you talk about it, you know, when you hear anytime I think of grenades or artillery in this case or whatever, like, you know, you imagine like the concussion, right? You know when a lot of times when people think of fragmentation they think of these little tiny things that are size of a BB or the size of you know like a little quarter inch piece of frag. Doesn't seem and this is me coming from a perspective of not very much understanding and knowing the magnitude of these things, especially, you know, I know what I know what a 50 caliber handgun sounds like. You know those cheesy action movies where there's like the hero is barely getting away as you know as the explosion happens like. And when you've got a map in here that kind of lays it out, it's it's sort of like a classic sort of military operation where you can see exactly this beautiful high ground, the low ground that it gives access to the way it sets up sort of being able to cut across Vietnam and split the country into control supplies and all this. And on that podcast, we discussed Colonel Reeder's first book which is called Through the Valley, which follows Colonel Reeder's combat experiences from flying a OV-1 Mohawk in support of secret missions in North Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, eventually switching to pilot the AH-1G Cobra gunship from the 361st Aerial Weapons Company, call sign Pink Panther, and it was in that duty that Colonel Reeder was shot down, evaded the enemy for three days, was eventually captured, imprisoned in a jungle prison camp, tortured, mock executed, and finally forced to march north to the Hanoi Hilton. And then of course the enemy struck rat a tat crack crack boom boom ambush machine gun and rifle fire snapped around that mortars exploded everywhere enemy soldiers attacked from the trees men drop wounded and dead many of the younger green paratroopers out of ammunition and at their wits and broken ran mowed down in their tracks. All right going back to the book fast forward a little airstrikes continued other teams of Cobras worked VN AF A1 Sky Raiders and US jet fighters drop more napalm and high explosive bombs on the advancing enemy as well. We were seeing more action, we're seeing more enemy activity, and so we shifted from support for the McVease SOG guys out of FOB 2 to just kind of a general fire brigade in the Central Highlands, and so it was turning into every day we'd launch in the morning, really not knowing exactly what was happening, but we get calls for support and we go provide gun support, rearm, refuel, go back out and spend the days doing that. Fast forward a little bit the artillery stopped and what that only means one thing the artillery stopped the NBA company rose from the steep gully less than 100 yards to the west of Charlie won trench line scores of enemy soldiers raced forward the fight was on. So, you know, whatever mental mindset got me through those combat operations on that second tour also got me through first tour. And by the way, if you haven't gotten through the Valley, that was kind of a, for this podcast, that was sort of like a turning point in my mind and the podcast is how powerful it was for me to be able to sit here and talk with you and the feedback that I got about that podcast because it's hard for a normal person to comprehend the level of suffering that a person can go through and a survive, but then go on and thrive and carry on with life and, and, and, and have an amazing attitude. yeah the long answer the question I can fully understand your situation a Fallon where you say hey guys we're down here we see you and we're up you know I don't know what altitude they were but anywhere from several hundred feet up to maybe a thousand or two thousand feet. You know, of course, we're going to make fun of him and, you know, tell me he's a wimp, but we were kind of jealous at the same time. You know, you've got a section in the end of the book that you talk about where these airborne units, these Vietnamese airborne units, the history of them, where they came from. So I went out and it got ahead of me like for like second set of time. If you recall in my first book, by the time we got there, now this is going to be three weeks after the Charlie battle, boy, it was all day. We knew it was a bad situation at the time and we did all we could to help but we had no real full appreciation of everything that was going on down there until I've got all this information together to write the book. He gets home, you know, like oftentimes happens, he gets home, his family reunion, getting back together with his family wasn't exactly what it should have been, ends up getting divorced. And, you know, that would come all the way to how I've adjusted since I got back from Vietnam and I go into a lot of that in my first book of the trials and tribulations that I faced and what today would be called PTSD. And you know, you usually know why you wear a surf shorts or something like this, right? And she gets that letter and she gets it right or right after she got it, the news, the available public information of what's going on in the Highlands gets very dire and disturbing. He leaned close to me and spoken Vietnamese gotta get this gotta get the battalion off this fucking hill before the enemy comes again. Or you go like, you know how your mind kind of goes in two directions where it's either get to you, do it or it gets like over one. So it was really, really nice and harkened back to that old time memory, which is just a little further detail on his dance prowess that he got by stepping into an Arthur Murray studio, knowing nothing about dancing and saying, I just like that job. So as this is going on, I'm going to fast forward in the book a little bit to a brigade briefing situation. And, you know, like he starts having a relationship, but when he goes to work in the morning, he's going into combat. I know he wrote a couple articles early for like Soldier of Fortune magazine or something and started getting the word out about the insane and heroic operations that the guys at SOG did. In reading your book, you start to realize the way that this unit was held up, and this battle was held up almost like the Battle of Thermopylae, with the 300 Spartans that died to a man trying to protect the city. And you know how like, oh, you talk about mortars and stuff where it's like. I realized that things were happening, that things were building up, that people were getting hurt, and aircraft were getting going down, but I never for a minute thought that any of that would happen to me because there's something in our mind, in our psyche, particularly for combat guys, that bad stuff happens but it's happening to someone else. And I know they did that a lot with company and battalion leadership where a leader would come in and serve three, four, maybe five months as a battalion commander, as a company commander. I've probably got 18 interviews with Duffy, half a dozen interviews with High, who we'll talk about in a little bit, but he ended up being the operations officer of the 11th Battalion. When you start talking about having 70 130 millimeter artillery rounds land on your position on a little no on a hilltop or you start talking about having 10 51 caliber machine guns shooting at you when you're flying in a helicopter. Fast forward a little bit April 12 1972 exploding artillery shells took the 11th Battalion shook the 11th Battalion paratroopers awake. In time, by the time we get to the Dien Bien Phu battle, which is going to be the undoing of the French in Vietnam and Indochina in 1954, there are Vietnamese airborne battalions by that time fighting. Yeah we got there that second run was night it was dark and clearly you guys don't have night vision at the time. Cause I, you know, you hear like artillery year old heavy artillery or the just ordinance is just the rounds. I mean just the concussion alone from that right and by the way I was sitting in a concrete building by the way you know I'm not sitting in a foxhole with a with a poncho over my head right that they dug and those figures. so I've got all the call signs of the facts the type of aircraft number of aircraft location of aircraft that were brought in and the counts that they made at the time of the artillery strikes.