Like, remember, like, if we're having like one of those days, you start pulling the shirt up and bro, then we got back and forth, like, we're still bros, but we're still like, okay, slap, slap. You know, actually, the first time I learned lake locks before, choke holds in a seminar, it's on Nikolay Baturin, he was a Soviet champion, Osombo, Oltatar was there, other Russians were teaching, they were saying like, the reason they prefer lake walkies because, you know, big in Russia, I'm with my wife, she's very attractive, and they go to a bar, strange man grabs her inappropriately, I'm very upset, I break his arm, now he goes, the vehicle gets Kalashnikov, he comes back and dead, I'm like, bro, I'm 18 or 12, man, I don't know, fuck. So, actually what's interesting is in that book that Fieldman, who I was looking at, you know, I'm looking at the rest of it and it has all these like, their foot patterns and it looks like these dance moves to like avoid and like strengthen your power. And by the way, what if you know, a guy's got a wife and kids and he's got a mortgage to pay and all of a sudden, it's $148 a month to train Jiu Jitsu or it's $165 a month to train Jiu Jitsu, all of a sudden it's like, I gotta make a choice between getting my kid a new bicycle and training Jiu Jitsu, you know what, I'm gonna sacrifice this month and the next thing, they look up in three years and they're not trained anymore. So things like that, they're teaching the recruits, I'm talking to like 200 people in the class, it was one of our services, I won't say which one, and teaching people to hold it like this, I'm saying, well, even in boxing, I wouldn't do that, but with big gloves, it makes for a sense, you can see over that right there, is someone who actually has never been punched in the face without gloves on. And I, in my mind, I just know, I believe like, you're just so much better than me and we're rolling, I'm just trying to, you know, but at the end of the day, I know like you're just so much better than me. Maybe that actually played into the whole, okay, he's compliant, maybe it's actually good, but I'm saying, they were saying how he still survived because he was trained, so that was just, and you know the guy, I don't know his name, but that was Sarge and all the guys in there, like it's a tight community, so I think it's good to try that middle ground. Let's say, okay, you tapped me out, Dean, you tapped me out real quick and then I'm like, oh man, cool, and then I like act like I'm gonna walk away and then I jump on your back and we start rolling again. I would, but you know, he's having them like this, I'm like, you know, at least want to be here, or maybe, it's just interesting that that person teaching people how to punch with no gloves on, probably has never punched in the face. Like, like cut you, you know, break your cheekbone, things like that. and they don't wanna learn like the new knee lock, you know, and they're doing like the combattas, but for the Bortak, it's pretty cool because they're not just sitting around while they're going on duty, but they actually training every day. And, you know, cause it's different, that perception or whatever, but he's like, yeah, you know, that's just something like, okay, that makes sense. You know, it's just kind of funny that someone thinks that maybe I've never been in a real life altercation outside, you know, also like, like I've had my, that's why I look special in my face. So the thing is like, I mean, if you rely upon that right there, specifically that, you don't have that available to you, like, you know, you're not keeping yourself up to date upon if something goes wrong, the drilling, I think it's really good. He's the one that started to train and formalize, and kind of push this well-rounded approach, realistic approach to hand-to-hand combat, and eventually his work, and look, I'm giving one person all the credit right now, I'm sure he would talk about all the people that helped him get there, but this is the person that I know of that was involved, and like I said, I'm sure there's many more people, but he certainly was a spearhead on this, and his work, and whoever he was working with at the time, eventually became an Army Field Manual, an Army Field Manual, three-tact 25.150 combatives. You were at, I don't know about the seal base, but you were there and someone was like, yeah, you know, you put your finger in the collarbone and you're like, no. He's a guy, he actually has, it's like a, it's tagged in like YouTube, so it's like X Army Ranger, plus 10 years of bouncing experience, is one over 500 bar fights, never been hit in the face once by a system. and he like, as it was probably gonna break, he like released and like, whatever, moved his weight. And they were like, oh, if this is done, like if I did this for real, you'd immediately be like paralyzed on the right side of your body and that would cause you to fall down. But like I just said, if this stuff is getting taught by some authoritarian figure and you can't really test it in any way, and you know, this is someone that's a, you know, a 38 year old who's talking to an 18 year old recruit that kind of wants to believe, by the way. So all that, like we, now we're getting in, this is just talking about like how to run a program, how to set up a program, what the safety protocols are, and then it gets into the like the actual fighting. You know, like Dean, Dean, like there's a certain level of, if Dean and I get in that zone, there's a certain level of, it's just a way to make it a little bit more fun, a little bit more consequences. You know, so the way, you know, but if we spar with boots and you kick in the knees with boot, you know, it's gonna hurt, you're gonna get hurt real fast. You can go hard, and look, you can spar in boxing, and you can, in wrestling, you're going live against other people, but when you take that and put it together into martial art, Jiu Jitsu was like bringing that forward, and boxing did it, wrestling did it, Jiu Jitsu does it, Muay Thai does it, but who didn't do it was like Dim Mock, and the old kind of weird traditional martial arts that didn't actually do anything, except for theory. As far as like just being like, I'm gonna finish this thing, whatever it is, he's up there in the top echelon of, I'm not gonna give up on this thing. And you know the theory here is like you gotta compete, you gotta learn, you gotta test, you gotta get better. You had like Tom, you had Grady Mack, you had, you know, you had all these guys in the man, like 10 seals, you had one Marine, who was the force we got? Like they were even saying in Portuguese, like, hey, we're not saying you might get your arm cut off, but you know, it could happen. There's many bones in the, you know, the hand is, it's all these bones together and there's certain little pop could be this one bone and this one, this one little, like, Dr. Luke would, you know, has over the hands, human hand, obviously, but it could be this little knuckle, it could be the finger, you get me, it could be that finger, it could be, so a little pressure could pop a finger. And he was like, you indicate, I forget your words, but you indicated that like, like, don't do that. and they go through, you know, everything from like, oh, how you spar on the ground, how you spar with takedowns, how you do, I guess we call it shootboxing, where you're like boxing gloves, but you're doing takedowns. You know, I've heard, actually, we talked about this when I was in Puerto Rico working with a couple of military guys, that a lot of guys are used to these optics, like these, you know, BealTech, whatever these things on their carbines or their pistols. Combat Osombo, in USA, illegal because this is back in Stevensville all days, they thought choke holds, you die, you know, like, you know, so in sports Osombo, I think combat Osombo is not illegal, but back then it was, you can do straight arm lock, not even, you can do Kimura Osombo. I'm full of drunk people and they're just mounted like, hey man, calm down, I'll sue you and this whole guy, you know, hey, call with the cop, you know, and the security comes and nobody gets punched. You can say give it a like, man, to the next day you're like, okay, you know, I'm back to it. And you know, I like get side control or something like half guard, I'm in half guard. The combat feedback thing, this is something like even when I was trying to move naval special warfare more towards a mixed martial arts view, and some people would be like, you think it should be jujitsu?