So decisions like that, I'm gonna be very cautious and I'm gonna weigh my leadership capital, which we'll get to, because if, look, does this mean if the commanding officer's like, hey, I need a brief tomorrow, I'm like, sorry sir, I'm picking up brass? But if I complain about having the dog, that is like, to me, it feels like I'm like, spending so much of that leadership capital because it's like, I never wanted that dog, you know? So it's possible, but at the same time, it's kind of like, all right, well, I don't see how your eyes can like see something that they don't see and it's your brain, you know, like it doesn't make sense. I kind of went through this loop a little bit in a small way where I'm like, hey, you know, like leadership capital at some point in there. And a lot of times that type of book, and I mean, this type, that type of book in this particular way is, it's real like, like it has a lot of spiritual like terms, you know? If you wanna go to any events that I've been talking about, things like the muster, things like the council, things like EF Battlefield, just come and check those. When you're being told something, even in your own head, but you ignore it, like, you know, I know Echo might kinda get screwed by this decision, but you know, he's not gonna notice, boom. Like, you know how, and I've said this before, I got it from Sam Harris where it's like, when you name drop someone, it's like, everyone sees you name drop it. So if you're one of those people, and this is going to be a constant theme, if you're one of those people and you know that you don't understand time and you don't pay attention to time, the worst you are with time, if you're a person that's habitually late, this should not only be the number one thing in your decision making, it should be number one, and it should be printed in bold, large font so that you make sure that you get it. It's like essentially like a regular little trampoline, but it's like, I don't know, more robust. And I figured, and I guess in terms of leadership cap, I wasn't thinking of it in terms of leadership cap at all, but I wasn't thinking of it in terms of like, hey, what would like, what's the right thing to do here? Like the idea that people can see what's going on, I think that's one of the many things that's like, it helps to understand how big of a thing that is. But I think you're the one who said this to me kind of bluntly a long time ago, where you said something like, oh, it's because you don't think it's important or something like this. This is like a small, it's not like some big great Dane where it's like more responsibility or whatever it's a small little dog, minimal, arguably responsibility comparatively speaking. And Leif and Seth, you know, they were kind of like surprised, here I am, got my wetsuit on, got my fins out, we're ready to go dive, ready to go spend four hours turtle backing around San Diego Bay and picking three hours on bag in the darkness, you know, bored out of your mind, but that's what you do. I'm not the kind of person, whatever that, that's like, no, you know, like I don't complain about that kind of stuff, but they, everyone knew that I was not really into it at all. But if it's been like two days, that's like, okay, you could have just been coming off a rest weekend or something like this and you're still on the program, so you're saying, we're working out. Yeah, and that's like a, back, and I've said this before, so I don't need to go too deep into it, but you know how like you have an old boss that you used to work for and he was just a dick or whatever And you have a pet that it actually is responsibility for the kid obviously being supported by us, of course, you know, but you get to learn a little bit of that responsibility, sacrifice, you know, and stuff like that. Lath Bab and we were staying in a hotel at the muster, and we had like, I had a room, he had a room, and they were joined by like a unit room or whatever, like a, what's that word? there's another, like I said, game kind of going on where you wanna be looking out for everyone in that little additional way, you know? Yeah, because if you just be rigid, or this is what it seems like anyway, if you just be rigid to the, hey, I'm always gonna delegate and then it's when it comes to, you know, oh, trash needs to be taken out. You know, it's kind of a, you know, so it can be an awesome, it can be kind of what you're alluding to where it's like cool. There are many people, I wanna say many, I mean for accountless people that have said these, like this called the shirts and stuff like, it's my favorite shirt. It's not guessing, but it's like guessing about, like they react to cues with you, like how you respond. If you're not gonna tell me like, oh, no, no, right now I'm not reading anything, Jock, because you know, it's summertime Like, you know how it's like, yeah, sometimes they'll notice, sometimes they won't. But some stuff was like, oh, that is a good way to look at things, you know? Because most of the time you'll be like, I'm starting to execute my plan, you're gonna jump in there with me, you're gonna start doing it too. He didn't know, he didn't know that, he didn't know that we were all both gonna leave through his room. It's like, do you know anyone that's, do you know anyone that's experienced trouble in their life right now?