And, you know, and we know it like we know it, but it's like, okay, so you need these guys like, uh, what's the group, the acrobat group, like a Cirque du Soleil or something or, you know, whatever you called it. Because you know, you also have those kids that like they're out in the field and there's like a rattlesnake and they just like grab a stick, you know, hold the things head down, pick it up, swing it up against the tree and kill it, you know, you're like, that's pretty legit. and he's like, Hey man, I'm going to talk to your team, Sajima, but I think you need to be on like a, like a DA team, you know, you're like, you don't fit in and this team you're on now, you don't blend. And he did jujitsu, the brown belt, you know, and he used to roll with my son and he would kind of like bully my son, you know, when my son was a little kid, he'd like, you know, maybe slap him around a little bit on the mats, you know, maybe give the noogies, right? And he's not like a sloppy, like two, you know, even how big he is, he's not like a, and I'm not saying all because it's, I'm not saying that, but there's a difference between just being big and sort of lurchy and maybe sloppy and like a six, five stud as it were. But what I like about it is, over time, if you're not careful, you can start to, like, let some things slide a little bit, you know, you like, Well, you know, I only really need to do this or I only really do that. In retrospect, I talked to these guys late like years later, they're like, we thought you were like an actual like government project that was going on. And but you know, he was he's kind of, you know, like a, like a loudmouth, you know, always poking fun, always, you know, that kind of guy. and I needed to take a short halt because I needed to stretch because otherwise I was going to go down and one of my teammates yelled the word medic, which is the first time I had heard that, like in real life, you're going to hear the movies, but someone actually yelled medic and then a medic showed up and I was like, Oh, this is like a real thing. And he came over one night randomly and was like, hey, you know, I heard you're into like combatives and stuff like that, you know, come check out my gym once you get out of here And then the command is like, Listen, doc, I don't think you want to tell this dude, like, no, like he's, he just like, jumped on a plane and flew here. And I was like, man, there's exercises that I do just to make sure that I don't lose that capability, like whatever it is, whatever that exercise is, muscle ups, like overhead squats, like I had a hurt elbow for a year, man, I could not do an overhead squat, couldn't do it. Like they're like, they're pumping like sustenance in there like daily, which you see that right when you meet these guys. You know, it kind of sounds like a pain in the ass, but it's also like, Hey, if you got shot and you're freaking prosthetic, you're like, cool, let me just put on the other one. And he's like, okay, well, basically, don't ever talk to the boss like that again, and like, get out of here and like, go find your company. And, you know, two or three of these little like E3 med kids were like, stop physically like getting in my way to try to take my weapons and kit from me. Even if you're not that like, impressed with that, what if you were six, five freaking two, you know, two 15, one leg though, seem saying like you would have been two 50, the equivalent of like a two 50 seem saying now do it. Yeah, because I mean, you got 12 guys, like that's that's a freaking important gun, just like legit, like just a gunner. And now I'm feeling like I'm playing the game with like, with like the big boys, I got SF guys that are now my cadrates and my first time being introduced to them. I kind of already mentioned it, but having guys come back from combat and say, hey, we got out of this situation because of what you taught us and now having been doing this stuff, you know, the amount of feedback that I get like that, man, it's just, it feels good to pass that information on and you're going to get the same feedback, you know, on your story, on the lessons you learned, on the methodology you put forth in your book. I was like, bro, I think that that's like an asset, that tunnel vision, because that's really a big part of what discipline is, is not getting distracted by other stuff, including like your own feelings, right? You know, like the runs, like the workouts, they weren't all that like stimulating or difficult. But that's the kind of thing where you think like that left a mark on my kid, like, Oh, when the time comes, I'm going to train and I'm going to work You may think it's like this like piercing stabbing sensation, like a piece of metal going into you, but it's more just impact. You know, so you know, like, maritime ops, and especially in the schoolhouse, it's very procedural, like left foot here, right foot here, it's broken down step by step by step to increase efficiency and reduce risk to keep it as safe as possible. We got our footprint, you know, we're like patrol based activities for the first, it's like 48 until we got some semblance of some force pro going. So Army Special Forces National Guard team that was operating down in Helmand that had a real bad situation going on with their partner force, like we use the term catastrophic loss of rapport as being like mission abort, because we worked through partner force, they were right at that point where the machine gun barrels were essentially being pointed inwards with the commando elements they were working with. And it's just so automatic, just like anything else you do, not anything else, but like a lot of stuff you already do as a human, like walking. And if homeboy came back with some like crazy, ridiculous strategy that I knew wouldn't work, I let him know that I'm like, no, no, no, that's not going to work. So I mean, I was dissecting like where I put my phone, my keys, my walk, like to the, like to the inch within my life so that I didn't lose 24 steps ever again. It's not anything you can prevent by any means, but we could have done a better job to mitigate it, you know, and a lot of the lessons that have gone out from the event with us, which is still considered the most catastrophic insider attack since 9 11 is the lessons learned from that are being employed now really much as like, as like pretty much a baseline for all the guys that work with with indige. This is the time, you know, 0400 Reveley, 0428, you know, in the gym, 0521 starting cardio, 0610 first calorie intake, 700 via egg, you know, like that kind of thing. So, you know, horse trailer from here to here, you get there, you walk, you know, 12 miles through the wood line, link up over here, jump on a boat, move down this river, you know, it's like a full on infill as if you're going into actual denied area. But, uh, uh, yeah, that objectivity, I guess it happens a little bit different in buds, you know, like the instructors will see someone that's weak and they'll kind of like, they'll start working on them and they'll just break him. And I'm like, I don't know how to answer this question, you know, like, why are you here? Did you know like a, did you know like the sleeper hold? And he's like, you know, C-A-I, he's like, you know, car. They'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, I've all told me, like we had to do everything in our power to hold back, like the crazy one-eyed look, like, what did you just say? So at this point, we've got like some ratty chain link fence and some half filled Hasco as like force pro, there's nothing, you know, other than guys that are up there with 240s. It's like, yeah, don't you know, it's kind of like Minnesota, Minnesota thing, Southern Canada type thing. But you know, there would be like a Lurse unit or like a another unit over here that was going out to this area for whatever mission they had. And, you know, at, we have a leadership consulting company and explaining to people that they can actually learn skills, just like, I guess, at the example I was used as playing guitar or shooting baskets and basketball, like you can't just pick up a basketball and be think you can make free throws. I think that the way that you like had that memory freaking woke up from a coma without a leg and we're like cool, I'm going back to an ODA team. And this kid, you know, his parents weren't all that put together, you know, father answers the door, hippy looking dude, but like big, hairy, hairy, big mustache, you know, shirtless answers the door. And I, I realized that there was things that I said that made him think, well, oh, Jaco says he can, you know, squat 405 for 20 reps, which I kind of like, I don't know if I actually said, yeah, or 10 reps or whatever it was. I'm thinking like, every time like I hear a bully story, yeah, you know, I have kids and now they're small. That's like the way, that's the way, you know, at least in California, kids are getting, kids are like 23. He's like, you know, he's like, you're one of those combatives guys, right? And I'm like, all right, but I'm just going to keep going with this because like, he seems cool with it. So he hit me up and was like, Hey, man, just like, keep me updated with if you're modifying any specific procedure, I just need to know what that is. But for me, it was like more like my sophomore year, 2.0, you know, because I wasn't in line with the credits I needed to stay on track to graduate in four years. So, you know, ironic turn of events, if it was anybody other than him, who knows if that would have been approved, because you are assuming quite a bit of risk, both for him as the medical professional and then the commander in which he works underneath, like they're assuming that risk to send you a course like that as a student. And then it was just rinse and repeat like that for, you know, a month or so, five weeks, six weeks, something like that until the infection eventually stopped, which left me with pretty much what I have today. You know, another thing that I breezed over a little bit is the fact that as you are focused on you and you're focused on your goal of like, hey, I'm going to get back to an ODA team at some point along that journey before you took that final physical test, you looked in the mirror and thought to yourself, wait a second, this isn't about me. Like that was like, you know, my attitude, but then this thing would happen. So the two years I had, like since Walter Reed, you know, the first trip to Afghanistan or the train up Afghanistan, now I'm like two, two and a half years post injury. And again, I'm like jump, you've got all kinds of applications of this where people read and be like, oh, I think that might be me right there. And you know, I'm sure you've heard me talk about this before, but like I pushed you to too hard on my kids when they were younger, like competing. And you know, I talked to the admiral and I was like, Hey, sir, he, he wants to stay in and the animals like whatever he wants, wants to stand. You know, people thought I had like a diagnosable problem, whether that was delusional or like psychopathic. So we, you know, we had different like mockings that we used as like IR mockings to try to help us figure out where we were. They don't think like you think they don't think like I think so salute to the army and to SF for, for keeping that door open. One's an inhalation hose and one's an exhalation hose and it looks like you know if you look at Jacques Cousteau diving in 1973 like that's what he's using and there's no button to press. Whereas on the ground prior, we were just like going out and like paving the road a lot of the way. We didn't talk about the fact that once you didn't have a leg, you're like, all right, I need to be beneficial to my team in other ways beyond just physical, you know, you're going to be able to hold this standard. So Spratt's like, you know, looking at my name, he's like, I heard of you. It's at a slow pace, you know, it's like a fast like a brisk walk. Because my instructors don't like know what this looks like. You know, it was like almost like a backup plan. So I just want to crack this thing open and like just like I said just hit some of the high points of how you live your life, how you overcame these things. At the same time, like when they, when you walk in there, it's like a going on to a car dealership.