You know, and I was talking to you about as far as like living into the brand, like after that investment came on, I felt like, I felt again that same kind of like, when I went back in the day, when remortgaging the house for origin, I felt the same thing like, man, you know, some of our family and friends invested in this with us alongside of us. So I kind of, you know, like cast that wide vision early in the year and even, even the constant touch point, I think still, you know, still people, it's almost like, I mean, you have kids, you know, when I, when I had my first child, Keegan, like Amanda, you know, she's pregnant. And of course, you know, he's like, I think, I think for like Kip, like he knows what factories, good factories look like. I believe it's gonna take like some people going to Musters, some of you coming back to the factory, you know, like it's gonna take this constant alignment over the course of 24 months. I was like, oh man, God, like you don't know what you don't know, you know? So obviously, we had some decent offers from the different private equity firms and whatnot, but I honestly didn't think we were gonna find any at one point, I was kinda like, damn, this just isn't gonna happen and we're gonna have to either shrink and rethink, or I actually didn't know. Like it wasn't like, oh, you know, he's hardballing us or he's gonna hold a little bit or we gotta come back with a different number. And while he said something smart to Jason, like I'll kick your ass or something like that, I was just like, I literally put my head in my hand going, oh man, how is this gonna go? And I actually say that to my kids, like, hey, you know, you don't know what you don't know and you can't control what you can't control, but you can respond, you can control the way you respond to things you can't control. So this is what happens, I think, you know, it's like, look, I'm not gonna sit here and say it's a conspiracy theory or a conspiracy that you know, the big corporations don't want people to make things on their own. And it was awesome to, and I remember you and I having this conversation, you know, like, hey, you know, I said, what are we looking like from the financial side? Bro, at some point, sometimes like I, my ass was stuck to my couch, you know, and I would be like on the phone, on the phone, on the phone, on the phone, like till midnight. It's always like you've got plant, you've got like the, Dedeco says this, like when somebody comes to his school, right? But you know, like we're like the things that these big conglomerates are able to make, you know? Like when you came on board and we partnered up, we were still in the woods and we're like, we're gonna buy this big building like 20,000 square feet. We didn't know if the wool would hold, you know, like this, this stealth wool that we gleaned from the special, special forces, we, we tweaked it, you know, so we, we took what they were using for this glove and we tweaked it for our liking with the, with the blend that we wanted. Like there's like almost like a little bit of a rebirth, so to speak this year of what we're going to do as a company, as a mission, as a, as a movement. And finding those guys, you know, I'd say that if people aren't aligned, though the one, the one time that you're gonna have a failure is if we aren't aligned, if two people aren't aligned or if two teams aren't aligned, you're gonna have, you're gonna ultimately have failure. Running the business like you're on a desert island is gonna allow you, you know, you would think, now you're gonna be a good steward of that investment. I'm freaking in, you know, and getting the teams together, feeding them, having a meal, and then like showing them and going to town on like who we are and what we're all about and what culture means and what leadership means and how to lead and how to communicate. And you know, even like, you know, you throughout computer science, actually people that do good computer science and computer engineering, they get dopamine hits cause they're building something. And I'm like, oh, you know, well, so we get on the phone and you're like, hey, we're going through the due diligence and whatnot. Yeah, we got it done when they're like, one of his stipends right at the end of this whole thing was like a cliffhanger, right? But you know, you walk into this place and you could just tell it's like, man, like World War II, post World War II East Germany, Berlin. Don got to sit back in his chair for about five minutes and go, ah, you know, I mean, because being that lean and running just in time inventory and at one point, Joe Moss, our chief revenue officer said, man, we're running this company with like nine people in three ball dudes. And I was like, I like, it's like, if you drink coffee for the first time, of course this is a thousand times better than coffee. But, you know, it's one of those situations where, like, okay, this guy's kind of like a lot of talk. Well, we can respond to the things we don't know, we can control the way we respond to it, you know, and try not to have an entrepreneurial seizure at the same time, which, you know, we had some opportunities to have, I think. You know, like we don't have no idea, but you have to like run a sizable amount of the product, which is not cheap at 50 bucks a yard, right? That's why you see, you know, for years now, for kids, it's been, oh, you know what you need to do is, you need to go to college and learn, you know, you need to learn computer science or liberal arts. They were like, oh, they were like, oh, it's gonna take some time to get this thing worked out. And ultimately we came to agreement and, you know, when you, when, when you talk about like putting money where your mouth is like me, you and Deco stroke to check and bought that place. So I've seen a lot of this and it was awesome because sometimes, you know, you start asking when they start doing the financial due due diligence, you know, it's, it's like opening up a can of worms and mayhem's coming out and it gets crazy. Like I looked at Kip, he looked at me, you know, he's like, are you kidding me, man? And looking at the kind of stepping back out of the trenches, looking at the battlefield, going, how are we gonna go from, you know, point A to point B when it comes to knitwear, when it comes to hoodies, when it comes to T-shirts, when it comes to denim, when it comes to all the things we need to make, we're going to have to look elsewhere. But I mean, you know, like as far as understanding the psyche of the consumer, of the people out there, because I believe right now, and if you look at America, I think we're the strongest and healthiest we've ever been. Like it's not like, and I know you've been down twice now for the whole team, then for the management team. And I remember just calling you and being like, bro, we got to try and buy this place, like walking into that for the first time and seeing it three times bigger than what we're doing and just cranking stuff out. And Jason, you know how Jason is, he's like, you know, kind of get that sales personality. But burning that cash for so long, as long as we could, and knowing that the right thing to do was to bring on a partner that could help us blow this thing up, was definitely challenging, knowing how we work together and how we make decisions and how we communicate and sticking somebody else in the mix that we don't know and trying to trust that process that they're gonna plug in easily.