but like I said, 10 times, I think I said it 48 times, but knowing a lot of guys that have gone through this kind of thing and just talking to Marcus, man, you know, when he's like, I said to him on the podcast, I'm like, dude, it's hard to even imagine him getting like mad or, you know, throwing a coffee cup through a window or what, you know, like this guy, he's, he's chill. There's like a weird, I don't know if that's the wrong word, but when you're living your life and everything's like you're saying you got goals, you got things that you want to do and you got a long term vision and you got kids and when people die that you know that are your friends and then there's this like, there's this thing of like, well, they're gone and the world is still going. Like, you know, black hawks come in, ropes go out, you know, fast rope, you know, charge on the gate, like boom, everybody, you know, like it was like a real op. Is it like a beautiful, like beautiful home, overlooking the water, everything, perfect food, uh, staff, seem like a hospital or does it seem like a does not seem like a does not seem like a, but it is set up with hospital equipment. And then I feel like it's in my face and then like just start like, like, like raking me like raking my high. Like, what if he did take it and it like made you, because you know how like some people they're so driven, but because of like something that's kind of off in their mind, I feel like that's kind of you in real life. I just had a good CQC block and like I was saying, you know, like, like was one of the, I was the top like pistol shooter and with the right, that's where I was like struggling with the rifle. Yeah, like there's something probably significantly like off with you, but it's sort of like just by happenstance like works for you, you know, some people are like that. And like they had this thing that you didn't, you know, like I had a platoon commander who was an awesome guy and he had been in Grenada and was like, you know, he had, he had slayed the dragon and we were all just looking at him like, yeah, he was the coolest guy ever. I just like, I just want to know how to like just like pound, pound, pound or, you know, gouge your eye out or just like stick you in the gut with a knife and just get the fuck out of here. And again, I didn't like have, I had no mentors, you know, um, you know, as you know, a lot of the, you know, the officers that go on either go to the academy or they have, you know, congressmen, like they just, they have a better network. Um, but it took me a while and I tell people, I was like, no, I actually had to like really focus and practice and like stay late or, you know, go out to the range in the evening when guys were like hanging it up because I just, there was just something not right about not being proficient at it. But again, I don't want people who are listening to get the wrong idea that, that this is a one and done or it's like a magic pill because, you know, everybody would be rushing to do it and think like, again, you know, all my answers, you know, be solved and just this, you know, this bottle right here, it takes a lot of work. So it's really just like a lack of just like, like if you just like slumped your shoulders down and just like not gave a fuck anymore, that's really the... Like, like when you shoot, like you show up and you're like, Oh, Marcus 57 out of 60, like what? I mean, I think that was like a lot of the blood and gore or like, you know, you'd go to try to pull the trigger and like the magazine would fall out or like the barrel would melt. Cause it's like, I guess it like rewires your, the way I always saw it was like all year, the way you regard it, the way you create meaning or whatever it has to do with like all your past experiences mixed with how you're, you know, you're genetics or whatever. But what we're seeing is, um, some of the stuff that I was experiencing, you know, as I was transitioning out of the teams and like the years of like, you know, if you want to call it co-morbidity of other things, like, oh, he's a little depressed and maybe he's got some TBI's And you know, it's even, it's not just him saying it's like religion is like all the religions are like life is suffering and the Buddha is like, oh, it's suffering Like I take every supplement that I can find that says this reduces inflammation or this helps you, you know, think clearly or, you know, whatever it is like new tropics, like I'll try anything now that says, Hey, this is going to make your brain younger. So when I see things like that, and then you have like a real conservative, like, you know, Rick Perry just like on board. Like, come on, like, that's just, you're going to, you're going to get more people like me that are like, fuck this. Mission was going after different like, like different cells, different Taliban cells that were, but like larger, it was almost like a little bit different. And I started researching this and suddenly I was like, I remember going to the garage and calling my best friend and I was like, I feel like I've just read about a terminal diagnosis like this shit is scary. He his whole face was like, um, like you couldn't, it wasn't bad, bad, like, but it was like, if you took a picture, you almost unrecognizable because the, I guess the frag going that fast was so fast. And like everything else I've had, I have days of like, I don't want to call it joy, but just, you know, up like some uplifting days, but the majority of days were down and you know, including weeks on end. I was very uncomfortable and I was raised, you know, super conservative and I feel like, you know, I was in the survival mode and suddenly like this piece had come and in the car on the way there, I had this moment where I was like, I can't go. I, I body slammed a student in front of the flagpole and like one of the, one of the instructor staff grabbed me and he was like, Hey man, so you, like you're going to get a lot of trouble if you don't fucking like tone it down. Like there's no chance that something is going to work because we've tried all the stuff that we're supposed to like guys that, you know, other team guys have gone to have gotten better or not gotten better, but something that I thought was crazy that I read about seemed like it was crazy. And I remember going back and telling Admiral, I was like, hey, I was like, if you want good people to like stay in, you guys got to figure out this OCS thing after guys are going over to see us to war for 10 or 15 years. So we go out myself, the fullback who was my roommate who's just a stud, you know, like 600, 400 pound guy, like a squat bench, you know, that type of dude and can run like a four, five, 40. But I, you know, I committed just because like I sometimes maybe like you, I feel like a, you know, guinea pig. They have like a, you know, they have their standard list of like SOP, you know, like what's, how's your home life? Uh, you know, you guys are talking about like, you know, Fred the shaman from Wisconsin or whatever, you know, whatever this, like just going into random places and doing it or at a Slayer concert. So what if you took psychedelics and then like now you're like, you kind of you're kind of like more lazy or like you don't work as hard anymore. The people that were getting out like after, you know, soon as a platoon wouldn't go to, um, you know, Iraq or Afghanistan, like guys were getting, you know, you saw it out here. Like, yeah, just like, oh, hey, we go, what's your, like every day was like that. Cause I remember in the nineties, like if a guy did a mission, like singular, like one mission, it was like, Hey, do this guy's combat experience. And then I got into like some other stuff in high school, like trying to think like kind of Lollapalooza, ESC, music, Pro Jam, you know, everything that was coming out of Seattle. It was just like, it was just like this relief that I never had before and all this like pent up frustration that Amber's talking about that just like went away. Like, oh, we, we spun it like twice, like twice a week or like, no, no, the whole phase. Why aren't I like, why don't I like hitting you, put my knee on your chest, like get up and go to my sidearm or pull out something and stick you with it or just like push you and get away. And like, so every time I saw this guy, I was like, I was in awe, you know, and of course, then when I got the team, they're like, oh, that shit. Like I was not mentally like focused or determined or like driven or like any of it. And sometimes you enter in this funk, you know, and I was still working out and like doing everything, but it's just a fun, you just have a funky day the next day, like you're dragging and sometimes it would go all the way into your mind where I would have these real low level mundane feelings of what kind of what he was talking about where it's like, why bother? All his arms and legs were like covered in like, he looked horrible, but he was like super excited to see us because he was, you know, he thought he was going to get his head cut off for it. I like people, I don't know why people get the impression that I would like be, uh, yelling and screaming, but I'd never like for my kids played sports. So like one other team guy that we had known at the time who'd done this and his situation was like, you know, more of a crisis situation where ours was like very deliberate and we had been, we'd known about it and talked about it on and off for a year, but it seemed crazy. Like to me, that's a check engine light in the car of like just about every team guy you know, like when they see other team guys, they're stoked. And like I said, from what, from initially what I thought was, you know, I'll, I'll use the term crazy to, it started to make sense that again, these were intended for medical use and, you know, it was stigmatized because we all know it as just crazy, crazy drugs that people around the sixties and seventies, you know, ran around concerts doing, losing their minds. And then once the storm is over, like, you know, you think about like any natural disaster we lived in on the East coast, hurricanes, like preparing and surviving the hurricane isn't the hard part. So like this, the sort of time where I was reconnecting with just a greater wisdom of how to handle the situation, I was overcome with compassion for him and like seeing him for his struggles and for them seeming to be out of his control where before I always thought like you're, you know, you could figure it out. And I remember them like having this like hatred and just, you know, like we're about to go to war guys. Like I was like trying to cover up my face thinking like, okay, if I just get wounded, you know, it'll be okay, but just not my face or my head. And so I was like on a mat at like seven, you know, in most of those places you didn't get to wrestle like junior high or maybe even high school. and he used to be so like regimented and like, you know, everything had a place and everything was organized and he was just kind of like this disorganized functioning, but chaotic guy now. And do you actually notice it or is it like the proverbial like boiling of a frog where it's just like the frog doesn't know that the water is getting hot until it's all Even, I mean, from my perspective, I had been in the SEAL teams for like 10 years at this point and, you know, you thought like everyone was, I was paranoid that, you know, I wasn't going to get any. I showed up and you know, you have all the Marines and yelling and shit and you have like a rack like this and they're like, fuck is this guy? and I was just, I don't know, I was in a different gear and they're like opponents sit down like a higher gear, like doing better. Still don't know how they didn't recognize us full on engagement, like full on gun run, not just like, oh, there might be a position of more, like we were, we were engaging a small group that was engaging us. Like, did he give you any impression of like, Hey, you know, the military's dumb or you shouldn't join it or whatever, anything like that? I mean, I left NICO with, you know, with, you know, some, you know, the FMRI is showing like, oh, you have these dead and partially brain that, you know, aren't working. When you're, when you're abusing it like that, not when you're like using it for like replacement therapy, you know, where they're trying to keep your levels at around. But like actually something really can happen, but you approach it with respect and you take care and you make sure you, you tape them correctly and you know, you, you know, you don't pull the, you know, drop this, you know, drop the grenade, throw the spoon or whatever. And you know, it was like that thing going on, you know, and I thought it was funny, but I do tell this story, um, because I trained every morning I went in, we had, um, you know, Kuchy had his guys every day. And then the third thing that happened, which was like the true rock bottom, the culmination of my son feeling these things, me feeling these things, was when our daughter was riding with Marcus and he had gotten into some like road construction and sort of like got lost or got off track Like, you know, you'd heard of like a death or two, a training accident or, you know, someone died overseas, but until that helicopter went down, I sort of thought team guys were invincible. It really threw me in the best ways and also in the worst ways because then you start to doubt it and second guess, like it's too good to be true and like you're sliding your walls down and you're like, oh, don't do that because this isn't going to last. But a lot of these places, as soon as you leave, like it's kind of like they forget you, you know, so they collect your money, which are some of these are astronomical, you know, K 30 K two weeks a month, whatever it is, and then you leave and they forget about you. Like they do a bunch of stuff that are really, in my opinion, for people who could like barely walk and talk, you know, or have, you know, autism and all these other things. But I mean, what you're talking about, Amber, like the fact that you feel that as like a mom and a wife, even you felt like I'm glad he's going to get to do his job. But I hear you now because like we live in Coronado and I love it because I get to see my bros, like guys that are contractors, they come in like, Hey, what's going on? So I at that point just said, you know, fuck my career, because I was still like trying to figure out like to get into corporate America and, you know, whatever.