I actually was on a podcast a couple of weeks ago where we were talking about how people, like remember when we were able, like going to the grocery store, like, you know, everyone's like head down and you're like not looking at anybody and don't get too close to a car. And then like you have said a couple times, Megan, the reparative experiences, like, you know, how many times did you think, like I have a client who for the longest time, she would show up like 15, 20 minutes early to her session because she had this idea that what if she's not out there at the time of our session and I forget we had a session and I leave, which first of all, it would never, ever happen in a million years ever. So this is where in terms of therapy and treatment comes in as helping people learn how to regulate their body and like calm some of that agitation down and then do all the cognitive work of helping like, reality check, like right, kind of sort through some of these big extreme thoughts that I have to be like, are they really that realistic? It was like, I like to call it like a, I'm very much all about like small business ownership and like what that means for our economy and such. But what we do have control over is sort of our own reaction to when someone is sharing something with us that appears upsetting, do we wanna shut it down and kind of they should be fine and get moved past it because that creates an experience for them or can we kind of tolerate whatever feelings are coming up for us when we see someone who's struggling or with working through something that I have no idea how to fix or how to respond to, but can I sit with them for enough time to create an experience for them that lets them know that like, if something's coming up for me again or if I need to work through this, it's safe to come to this person or this environment is safe enough to be able to share what's going on for me because if it's not and that person goes inside, then when we look at more severe things like suicide or very chronic psychiatric disorders, that becomes much more debilitating in a way that can cause someone their life. Like you said, like, well, what a mom who is gonna say something like, like, well, why are you doing that? Well, and the persons, you know what they're, they're out their world outside of social media looks like their family, how much they can, you know, cross-reference the things that they're seeing on there with like a parent who's telling them like, let's think about that, let's walk that through. And I think also seeing, especially for people who are, seemed like in that age range, like maybe middle school going into high school, like right somewhere in there where a lot of social things are happening. So sometimes finding an origin that then explains the symptoms, then you treat the origin, the issue over here versus the symptoms, kind of like the analogy I've used a million times, even with clients, is if you come in with like a severe case of pneumonia and the only thing we're doing is giving you some cough syrup to help your cough, like that's gonna help a little bit. It's usually more like I act, I have these experiences, I walk through something difficult, my symptoms got really activated when I was gonna go try to learn how to take the bus, or do the trolley, but you know what, like, I had someone with me, and I was able to do it, and it was like okay, and it didn't stay that way forever. And so, you know, coming from a place of, if my approach is tough love in terms of what you're describing and like what you're being honest and true to yourself, and can also add that other part of like, there's a part of me that's sort of fearful that if I have tough love on you, that's like, this is gonna go kind of sideways for you. Because this is all she was presenting with is like, I know, like it's almost like, I know, this is not good for me, I just don't really know what to do about it. Like does it, I don't go out much to, hey, I'm not gonna go, I'm not gonna go to the grocery store, to I'm gonna have people drop my food at the end of the hallway, to I'm just gonna sit in here and like not eat. And it's all like, and if you don't know, you don't know, you know, so it's like just so slippery like that. Like I can tell, like and I can, because I have rapport, I always joke, like you've heard me say this in supervision, like I'm sometimes surprised myself with how much I can get away with saying. So she tells me this event, which was really like, at a party one night, like all the cousins and aunts and uncles, the kids decided to like, play a joke and like, skinny dip. I mean, I don't know too much to speak to that part, but what I will say about like Anu and what Humblechia had been for a very long time is it's a very unique model of care that allows for a full continuum of care where people can have like a residential setting sort of right out of the hospital for a long-term period of time and then fluidly move through transitional residential for a person to be able to kind of integrate what they need. So now like she's working, she's got kids, she's just got back from like, Bali or something, I don't know, she went with her husband, like her life is great. You know, my roommate tells me like, hey, you know, room like stinks, can you like clean this up? So it's like harder to, you know, after a while, it's like maybe if I'm behaving in a certain way, it's like certain symptoms have to kind of arrive or arise along with the feeling. So with personality disorders, it's not, it's more like a part of your, like I can be a shy person, which means I'm probably gonna be shy like across the board, right, not just in one or two situations. And I think like we said before, there's, people can have like kind of traits and like the leanings and inclinations. And when you start looking at that, like the most horrifying thing, like anorexia, where the person is so clearly malnutritioned and so clearly like 100% of people in the world would say you need to eat more. So, but like, you know, sometimes he would talk about that, like funny, he would be like, oh my God, Karlyn, remember last week when I told you I thought I was Ram Dass? And that's one thing versus it being at a, like a clinic clinically significant level where you're like your life, like you're having a hard time living your life. The parents got a call from the police, the local police in their son's town, that they found him like running around outside, like half naked, like kind of crazy, screaming and doing weird things. And it sort of seems cliche, but at the time it was everything for me because I didn't, you know, the friends that I had at the time and I had, you know, been living with friends at a very young age and such, like we weren't really going to a lot of places, jail, I lost a lot of friends to, you know, death, you know, suicide, overdoses. And I kind of tell them the same thing, you know, before we get in here, I'm like, you know, I feel like, you know, I'm fine. Like, they all went into the pool house, like, stripped off their clothes and like, ran into the pool and made a big joke and everyone got in trouble because the parents were there and this kind of thing. So you can see where like the early stuff shaped this, but a lot of our work was, it wasn't just like saying, hey, we've had 72 sessions and I've been here every time, like, isn't that enough? Like it's actually this person, while they might appear like it doesn't matter to them, they're actually so sensitive and vulnerable that they've built up so many defenses in their psyche to not allow for any sort of feedback to crack through an idea of like, oh, in fact, I could potentially fail. Your example of like, like hey, that's like the fourth time you went to the bathroom, the last half an hour, right? Imagine like you were saying, if you hadn't said that, like what that person would have done in their head and how that would have, so I think one of the advice, like it's both is, say something, say something, call it out, ask a question. Well, I mean, a lot of it has to do with, well, I know we were talking about this before recording that when somebody is that kind of agitated and in distress, the front part of your brain, the prefrontal cortex, which is the part we use for like weighing pros and cons and anticipating outcomes and kind of making decisions and thinking things through is almost like not available. I mean, I think when you, you talk about this from like a clinical where you're ending up in treatment, it, it, it moves into a place where you have, you lose sight of, I don't know if empathy is the right word or like my impact on other people. Like you said earlier, people like, do they like, they don't really want to be there. So now, like, yeah, my clients who are 2021, 22, but you're talking to them and you're like, wow, you really sound like 16 or 17 years old right now. It just, it's like her experience in the world with other people is always through this lens of like, do you like me? And so we help the family really create some structures around like sort of some boundaries in a way of like, I'm here to support you and I'm gonna help you on this journey within the context of this realm that's gonna be helpful for you. So like what you were saying, Megan, is a lot of our clients come in from a hospital or like could have been in one, maybe they've been maintained at home, but like not well.