Well, you know, when I kind of opened with that thing from George Washington, I'd heard that quote, read that quote a while ago and you know, you think about, you know, I just know your career and know what, you know, as an average team guy, what you've done, what you've been put through, what your family's been put through. But if it felt like a violation if vodka is kind of on the schedule which I don't recommend right it's not on my schedule at all 0% but if it's on your schedule and you want to mitigate the issues that you're going to have then it's not going to mitigate you going to jail is not going to mitigate a DUI is not going to mitigate you getting arrested is not going to mitigate you spending all your money on stupid shit not going to mitigate any of that. He's wearing a visor, like a visor like, you know, like, I don't know. I go like, if you're going to accountant, you know, would you like go watch a movie about tax season or, you know, you wouldn't. Well because I drank one and then it was like the next opportunity I had they were like Brian was like because he couldn't give him away or something like that. And you know, that's just like how I would point to like, Hey, we're going to go in over here, we're going to move over there. And even metaphorically, you know, like if you stay in the house all the time or if you don't, you know, like they say work life balance. So, and that's really the part that I was wondering, like, it's, I feel like I understand it kind of, but the way I've heard you say it, and my friend Jeremy, he mentioned this one time we're talking, he was like, yeah, a pistol is no match for a rifle. and you're going through the work up and like a down man was like a theoretical thing, a problem solving event that you're going to get and you're going to go through it. I'm like, you know, and they said it like, you know, cause apparently he's a big deal. Like that was like kind of that was kind of like a death trap kind of thing. Like I said, that's the first time that I like remember you PIDing like, oh yeah, So the fact that you're like, yeah, cool, Roger that, going to step up and try and make this happen and looks like you are going to make this thing happen. If you go to Amazon right now to go you know jockel sounds like he's going I don't know what he's talking about here. And so I went through everybody's safes in all of the teams and I took all of their documentation going back to the Vietnam War, you know, the type stuff, after action reports, and I consolidated all those things and we wrote all of the curriculum for land warfare and then special reconnaissance, taking the lessons and going back from our forefathers that gave us our, you know, fierce reputation and then worked those over and over again. So going from like 60 seals to six, but they're all like, you know what? If you want to get a feel, a better feel, if over three hours of conversation, if you don't think like you feel, feel like you know They would go down the street, team five and just be like, oh, now we can like act like humans. And that's why kind of, you know, when you mentioned the closing of the pipeline, it kind of, you know, because emotionally you think, well, this seems like a positive thing. I'm like the hardest that I would say the wealthiest people I know are some of the hardest working people I know. And then they'll put something in here like, but we're going to have flag laws and you're going to have your guns confiscated confiscated by the state, you know, which I fundamentally did that is just wrong, right? Actually, I think that the, that weapon, the, a sub machine gun, like the Heckler and Couch MP5, I think he's a great weapon for like home self-defense because it's not going to penetrate through a bunch of walls. And that's, you know, when I got done with that deployment, you know, the admiral who I knew was like, where do you want to go? And you know, they I like hearing cool stuff like presented a certain way. And I'm like, this, this is another point in my life where you can either, you know, kind of like just stay stagnant or you should do something to keep yourself rolling. Now look, if you're totally off the res and your idea is just ridiculous, well, it's very easy for me to articulate, Hey, Derek, I know you want to do this, you know, jumping parachutes out of the space shuttle, but right, it's going to be really hard for us to get the space shuttle for this operation in a short period of time. When you show me your calendar and I know you're going to a bunch of meetings with people that half of them, you know, are horrible people, half of them are awesome people. You know you know how you kind of need to know the time tables right. And it's one of those things where, you know, that's where I was kind of raised, you know, from a young kid to, you know, that's where I've got all my first experience. Now look, she could also get a shotgun, you know, maybe a smaller gate shotgun, like not a 12-gate shotgun, but like a 20-gate shotgun. But part of that was because of fact, like fact, like, you know, I was worked hard for fact. So I'm like, I'm going to go to law school and just like Bud's man, you can't just go to law school. But Echo, what was your point in saying that like it's making the comparison, but you make a good point too, because, and this was actually kind of maybe a few years after that, I remember I had a roommate too though, but my portion of the rent was like 450 bucks or something. Like, like we just got that with Bud's and he's telling him he's going to send him to the fleet. And you know, like you talk about faculty, faculty was like my. And it didn't look like, you know, this was in 2006 when we got home, it was still, you couldn't tell when it was going to stop. And like you know not a good not a sandwich or not a you know she's getting chips and then she gets an energy drink. I'm like, you know, frick, frack, frack, brr, you know, being a sealed sailor guy. And I'm like, man, so I talked to Sergey and I'm like, let's get this going again. But with a roommate or something like this, actually, you know, when, when guys are in the military here, especially they're young guys in the military, they're, they're, if they got a family, they're either having to live on house basing Probably because I'm thinking of movies, you know, how like, you know, lethal weapon. And you know, when, when, when I've, as I've gotten involved in the, in these industries, you can look back very easily in the last 40 years, 30 years really of the history of the companies in America where you can increase your profits, your short term profits by a little percentage and therefore you make this and oh, you know what, we can, we can, it's going to cost us more to get it over here. And I remember thinking about it and, you know, I'm thinking about the experiences that I had, you know, when we deployed in Tasking a Bruiser, you know, we hadn't lost any guys on the West Coast yet. So I go check in is down at the elephant cage at advanced training and I was just kind of sitting there and they're like, we got to find it E seven billet, you know, and there was not because that's a platoon chief job And then like 15,000 votes show up at, you know, 2.30 in the morning or whatever, you know, I get it. So we didn't have a traditional, you know, task unit, go out and, you know, like bruiser. It's going to cost us time, but we got plenty of time because we're big and it's going to save us, you know, 38 cents a garment. I'm like, you know, this guy, this guy, this guy, this guy, and then we need comms guys and all these other folks. Well, I know that when I look at what happens to politicians and you're going to get just, you know, your life becomes this target, right? It's not like everyone's going to get voted out tomorrow, but people are going to, oh, yeah. I tell them like, look man, you're placed here at this time, you know with these people in this circumstance by God. Now look, I don't even think it's going to, I think it's going to be a change like you're the personification of this change. They just put the road cones like they put a road cone with like team one, team five, team three, trade at Derek yet, you want to get to know, you might know Derek, do you know Van O? I have guys that tag me in social media of like plumbing installs that are super freaking dialed or they're putting an electrical subpanel and everything is squared away and they're like, yeah, check it out. And when you just take a minute and go like, yeah, you know, I'm going to go buy that cup of coffee. Yeah, like, like sure, you can shoot someone in kind of at 50 yards with a, with a pistol. That's why, because I'm like, I look at like the apartment rent right now We've lost the ability to like learn how to sew your own gear because people, I know how to use an industrial sewing machine as did everybody in the seal teams because you'd make your own stuff in the parallel. And there's only so long that the politicians can continue to get away with this bullshit before Americans, because you got to remember where the people that were like, oh, you're going to raise the tax on tea by two cents per freaking giant bundle of tea. He said something interesting where he was like, yeah, well, one of the main problems is the people who make the laws and even propose the laws, they don't know anything about that. So if something was coming up, it'd be like, oh, I'll just call Sean and ask him what's going on, you know? Like we were out at desert training and like meeting you and hanging out and running the FTX's and all that stuff, having good times. But in effect, you know, I had guys, like one of my guys, I'll give you an example of why, one of my guys, I think I had six seals with me. But at the same time, I do like kind of like what it says. oh it's theirs you know like I wasn't going to return it And look, with the old flavors, it was like, oh, you know, I got my favorite flavor. And when you think about it, you'd be like, oh, man, you know, I kind of dons on you. like oh they grabbed it back no big deal or kind of like totally neutral in my opinion. But I went there because I needed to like get my medical situation in order and it took like a year and a half. And I'm like, oh my gosh, this guy looks like Santa Claus. And he's like, I know what's going on.