Yeah, just like, uh, it's like why I talk about like musicians and how a musician that's really like Jimmy Page, you know, he played like as a studio musician for, for decades, like as a, as like a teenager, he was playing as a studio musician, like play these exact notes at this exact time. You might remember, he got his ear bitten off, like kind of not bitten off, but like, if you took a piece of pizza and like turned it to the side and took a bite, not out of like this, the tip of the triangle, but like out of the side, it looked like that, like just a bite was gone. Like I told you, I have like videos of you and my son, like, like, you know, one, one year, one like the next year, like eight minute videos. So, Jeff, when you started, when you started like competing for real, like now you're like, no, when you started doing the worlds and it's like 2007, 2008, what's your life like at this point? Because Carlson, like that type of person, like people that think are really big, Carlson was talking to him like a kid, like Dana Weich, you know? Yeah, it was like a meme that I saw and it was like self, it was talking about how people in like self-defense jiu-jitsu will say something like, oh, they have problems with tournaments, sport jiu-jitsu. Like I'm having to like really, like I'm like, I don't want to really have to use jujitsu. And, you know, Dean always has a good explanation of like, oh, you know, some of the guy will say to Dean, like, well, yeah, I would just like bite your face. The way I felt at that time was like, this is the purpose of this drill is to like, don't think of it in terms of like, Oh, I know what an armbar is. So that's how we're kinda like, I'm more like Carlson side, like, you know, no, it's not gonna work. So you just like, you know how you ever buy like a remote control car and be like, okay, cool. Like maybe like different spirits find, I don't know, thinking like that. Like Macho Man is like, you know, that was like Dean Lister. They're just like, they're happy that took it like a man because most people are going to be, and I still stayed there for months, like four or five months. You know, like, like, like they go home. You know, he's like looking at me like, why can't I be like Dean? Anyways, first thing I thought of when I thought of her when I got paralyzed, I thought of her, I was like, whoa, I was like back in the ocean again, like fuck, I'm paralyzed. But either way, like when you talk about a competitor in jujitsu and then the other side would be like, oh, you would never pull guard on the street, which is true, but then they're representing that as like their position. But people like you, if you're supposed to lose and you win, it's just like, if you're a crowd favorite, people like you. And the kid's like, like a man who grabbed Nick Diaz like that, he's going to be happy. And he kind of like thought, he probably thought like I'd be like, hell He just like does like freak show stretches just to show people like how twists his ankles around. And so it's like, dude, I know if you have money, I know if, you know, like pay what you think you should. 80 CC, that would be like when, well, if my coach Carlson, he didn't like the G. Like, Elio Gracie put him to fight his first MMA fight with the G and he told, I'll never do that again. I was like one of the first like men Franjia would let me like fight. He was like, he just turned in like national superstar, Brazil, like after that fight. We're like close, like real close, like me and Jeff. And like I'd sleep on the floor, but you'd like wake up and Dean would be there like asleep, but he would be trying. There was like, what was that one, like the Olympics of grappling or something like this grappling games. I was like, bro, see that's the, and it's not like I'm smaller than him where it's like I'm bigger. He's like the Ritolo brothers, like Glover, like BJ Penn. Now I need to freaking, you know, like just find a new sport to go start playing croquet or some shit, you know, like. Because back in the day, it wasn't like now, you know, you can go on BJJ Fanatics and just get like the best moves of anyone because they're, you know, you can go buy them. So it was kind of, I must say, it was kind of relaxing to come in and just be like, oh, we're going to talk about jujitsu with, with Jeff and Pete, who are both, you know, like nice and chill. I guess I guess you're right because now that I think about a little bit more, you were doing normal stuff, but damn, you're doing it in an abnormal way because even today you can go watch your videos from when you were a white belt or a blue belt and you're like that does not look like normal Jiu Jitsu, the fluidity of your movement. Like it's going to take you a while to get to where you can just be here and just be like, you know, nothing's going to happen. And I witnessed that countless times where like some big jack guy would come in here and you could see, you know, whatever he's thinking he's hanging onto is not there anymore like a half a second later, it's gone. Yeah, we all do basic jujitsu, but I don't think like, I don't think like people who only do self-defense will ever be able to beat somebody who does sport jujitsu. So like the people are like, they got to really be into it to know me. Like, you know, sometimes you get swept and you're just like, man, I hope no one got that on video cause you feel real ignorant. So I went to his page and I saw that he was like, this scrawny 35 year old dude, like my size, you know? I don't, you know, I like, I like making the students truly believe they got coach. Like there's no point to that besides people being like, whoa, you know Jocco? And you know what else is like a drug if you have the right attitude is getting submitted is like, damn, how'd that happen? And I was like, hey, first of all, as your friend, because I've known him for a long time since we were both like, you know, 17. Like I already imagined it, cause I know his moves, he's like, yeah, And he's like, this is my little brother, you know, we would just like, let's, let's put on a dope show. Like if you, if you get hurt at first kind of, and not being hurt, you know, end up being like injury. And, you know, like the last time I competed in Brazil's against Brawlio Stima and it was like my fifth match of the world. Like you asked Glover some questions, some detailed question about some weird section of jujitsu and all of a sudden he's talking about something and you're like, how do you know that?