He's like, you know, I'm really looking forward to like, you know, really developing and, you know, like, most people 75, bro, that's like, you know, you can just tell by them that he has that mindset, you know, and it shows. So when I got out of the fire department, guys are playing, oh, you got to remember where you're from, you know, all this bullshit, and I'm like, did you ever kill a commie from mommy, mother, you know, like, no, you know, there's a whole thing about how I fit into the fire department, but I would tell them, I've killed a better man than you, and meaning it, because that guy and I would have been friends. Well I told the one guy I went my interpreter says to be a thing on like saw what you know they come to know they come to you know I don't like him. It wasn't like an hour, going an hour later, we popped out right away, because we knew about the intel leaks, and so we got back, we decided to do a quick hop, and said, let's just go out, work, so we grabbed like five guys, and we took off, didn't even tell the rest of the group, and we went out, night, early in the morning, got hit, and we went and checked the bodies, and there was a kid with the white scarf, and the kid with the white scarf was the kid that we drank with in Saigon. You know, he's like, he says, we didn't know where they were at, you know, but there's a lot of, there's a lot of that stuff, you know, but yeah. And that's my respect for the cats like you and guys that have been in for 34 years that like Hayden like Hayden Chau Dica's guys like Frisk and crawdad and you know those guys. You know like what happened you know this free love and all that other like where's where's the moral conviction where's those things it was like there weren't there weren't any there's what year was it that you got out 69 and 70 I got back in Vietnam. oh my god, man, I think his name is Trann, but yeah, he looks at me and goes, man, you know, and that's when I understood that warriors, right, that the ideologies of countries, right, use us, that we go fight these wars, we go do whatever that is, but I wrote it, I got it, wrote it on my phone, right now I'm kind of… yeah, he shot the shit out of us, you know, but we were using the army tactics, and we weren't using the seal tactics, right, and how we would patrol and our warning orders, they were, you know, doing a fast warning order and the brief hop and then going, we never left, we never, it was like right away. I think I said it was one of the things with the PRU program that was kind of weird, because they kept body counts like that, you know, that inhumanity thing, that whole CIA bullshit, you know, the whole PRU thing, you know, that they were all cowboys. You don't know that you're black, you don't know that you're brown, you don't know that you're white, you don't know any of that stuff, you're a kid, right? And when I look at ops that you know like that like our new guys now you guys right the young guys that get killed in Afghanistan. He came in, I grabbed hold of Charlie, man, I hit him with that high cross, dropped him down, you know, and just started, and two times in my life, that time when I started beating him badly, another time when I came back from Vietnam, I got in a fight with a guy, it felt like, and you never see the Patriot, you know, when he hacks up that guy that kills his son. We laughed, we drank, we smoked cigarettes, and when we left, we felt sad that it wasn't going to work, and then you meet them on… this is a small world, man, you know, and my heart broke that day, you know, and I told this story to my grandson, and he put it in a poem, but he said, and his heart was crushed, and that was hard, you know, other than getting connected. You know I'm just hanging on you know all this kind of stuff you know and those guys are looking at Lou you know Pro the pro advisor team guy got this information right he says I just need you guys to come in and back me up because we had the stoners he had the mean some of those guys all they had with the carbines right and two carbines and maybe maybe one 16 and with those guys with the Vietnamese seals you might find an M 60 with the proves you wouldn't. So when I strip off all the bullshit, right, without the socialization that comes in, through the society or the socialization that happens in your own family, the pure thing, you know, your kids fighting each other or brothers fighting each other or in your neighborhood, Bobby Cervantes, you know, going to pick on him because he's black and he looked like Cochise and he was the target of every teacher we had through racism and classism and everything else. So, I said, so his friends came, we sat and we drank, liked him, you know, we connected, you know, sometimes you don't even know somebody, but you feel good with them, right? So this guy in the colonel goes flying over and he throws a CS grenade out so the CS grenade goes out and pins his guys down they're getting sniped at the rest of us and we're in our different shit Levi some of us were laying up along bank and the helicopter lands right outside of us right lands right outside of us so he comes walking along as we're laying up the bank and and he walks by had he's sitting there looking at us and hi says I guess you're the dumb motherfucker they do that CS grenade out. You know we dealt with that in the teams a long time before that you know we're gay guys or whatever it is you know the like in community So I'm like this guy like this like you know you can feel the like rain fitting on the top of your head. I said I don't know you know he says look grabs me look at me right in the eyes he says listen. He used to, anyway, he said something really important where he was like, yeah, my dad, he would like, he said there was something along the lines of, uh, don't give yourself like the excuse of age to start going less hard or whatever. And then I look at guys like you you got your podcast you got your thing going to do to if they had a MMA when I was coming back from the mod have been to I was going to five points endeavor to fight mostly black guys because that's where the danger was. And I'm going, well, I wasn't there lying right away, you know, kind of like going through seal training, man. So show up the area and I look at guys like Echo and look at guys like Jaco, I'm going the same question like, what the, what am I doing here? And, uh, so he, that's when he became my teammate, you know, of him sharing that with me, you know, and we did a talk one time for, Seawolf gunships, you know, come to Texas and he says, Espy, you want to tell me that story about the Seawolf gunships? I look at some of the events, you know, of how guys are getting killed now and I'm thinking it's like when I when we got when we got shot at and then the officer says, we take him under fire. I said I knew you could do that you know and when I when I read like in the in the that we're God when when Christ got baptized right that the word says that. Now I got a hat, you know, and I got two bottles of whiskey that now it's like, oh, I don't want to get too much, you know? I don't know, like I said, I think genetics, you know, my dad was, my dad was a drywaller, man. I'm going, so I, he says, I'd like to see Rose because we were just the normal might like you didn't know anything about a fire because this thing happened. We were in civilian clothes, they don't know who you are, you know, so Bill was sitting like this, you know, looking around. If we're going to, if we're UDT guys are going to be running SEAL Ops, I want to know what I need to know to do that. I'm back from Vietnam is like you know wait a minute you know I did I. Vietnam veterans against war the young social street public the Viva the Azzalan thing is like And usually if you're going through the like the dance jungle you carry the flichette rounds or the you know like canister rounds right. And so the next, that was a, that was Saturday morning, Sunday came and all the guys in the class were barely walking and they're sitting there looking at me, you know, and I'm looking at them and like, and I'm sure they were saying, I fucking quit her, you know? And so, my brother takes me over there, and he says, had this kid come out, he holds it as brother, they come out, and I'm like, you know, in order to maintain that part that you're intelligent, loving, caring, with that natural curiosity and zest for life, you have these natural physiological releases, which are laughing, talking, crying, shaking, sweating, yawning, and all that stuff, right? Support for anybody they were doing everything like from the bush right kind of like guys who worked with the mountain yards right. And for me, it was kind of like there was, there was something was going on too, because I was pretty violent and previous, you know, when, when that happened, I got fed up with everything, right? you know like, you know, everybody is like that it's that calmness. I did cry because I was in Balboa Hospital and it felt like that damn hell week when the guys were going around in the paddle, you know, and going to finish the hell week. And, you know, I think when I was there, a man's inhumanity to man, you know, I was with my buddy, Noyce, right? And then when you go to class, you look around, I mean, look at guys like you and I went, I was like, what the hell are you doing here, right? Like if we were expecting something big or we just do seven man teams and were you usually a point man as point and rear can like go back and forth you know. I said, I said, hey, man, I said, me and Garcia, we know we're minorities, but you're a white guy. Just in general is not that good of an idea where it seems like, like he wasn't, you know, Gil like didn't do that. But it could have also been like some random story about, you know, we called him black mac because he, you know, he got gunpowder on the blah, blah, blah. Then there was like about, I don't know, like there was probably about the three weeks or something like that. And the guy that was always pretty cool was Lou you know when I got when I got hit you know he was pissed at me. I looked at him, man, and I got, you know, I got emotional, and I told Noyce, he said, come here, Billy goes in and looks, and he goes, All these guys, you know, the guys, because it wasn't just the guys were wounded, but they actually did the extrication, right? So I said, all right, so we got shot at, you know, we were on a dyke and these guys shot at us. And this one you got there that was the first thing you got tasked with was the first thing you got tasked with when you got on the ground was your job would you put to know operate as a platoon or do you immediately get shaved off and. I have like I have two boats probably about six guys in each boat we're going to do a pro op we're going to go get these tax collectors right. I've been in a canoe before like a canoe but the sandpans are like they got they're like flat bottom little thing And I think if you had the doubt, and I don't know how guys work now, if you have any doubt, you don't belong going, you know? How can we switch from a stoner to a 60 because I just wanted something bigger something bigger like this like the son like they had their M16s right. You know, like when, when you, when you're in the cold water, that whole thing, you know, just keeping your shit together. I'm not going to, it was like, I don't know, like two invisible forces that had no way to communicate. You know, he gave that to us to say, it's kind of like a letter that I wrote to a girl that I thought I was breaking up with, you know, about all I love you, da, da, da, da, da, da. One of my battalion chiefs told me, is this Gil and my cousin, Davey, when I beat up a guy real badly and my bad chiefs sit there and he says, Gil, I don't know if you need a priest, a psychiatrist, a doctor, a counselor or what, but I don't know how to deal with you. That guy's a very famous East Coast seal you know big name high name that's never going to be in the history books but that's how things happen then you know it wasn't. He's got little blue eyes, you know, and got teeth that actually later on in Oliver and broke his teeth, pushed on his head on a swimming pool, right, and the water is decked and he had his teeth. I'm the little guy of my life but you know when I when I got that letter it's like a whole new thing. And you're going to run into some Marines are going to sit there and look at you like it's just you know even these watches would get you in a fight with them. You know because there were Vietnamese they were the pro guys they weren't they weren't team guys you know they weren't. It's like even the weapons because you get your weapon but then on your weapon you put a laser and you put a scope and it is if you put a light like everything's just you guys look like super slick compared to us we were we were quiet. And we think sometimes that you can only see that in war we got people in communities that that are going through the same thing of trying going through post-traumatic stress in their own neighborhoods you know. So I'm going to, instead of getting this hard set of 10 with, you know, 100 pounds or whatever, dumbbells, I'm going to do like 80s. So my dad sends me to go find these guys I'm going I'm looking at the track and there was like I don't know where to go.