But to me, this is like really the thing is like people are like, oh, you know, I always laugh at the comments that are like, Oh, I hate what you say, or you're so ignorant, or you're terrible, all of these different things like dude, unfollow. And, you know, I don't know what the recent numbers, but I feel like Twitter, you might know this echo, but Twitter, I think is like, compared to the old, you're the tech guy, but it's something like, like less than 5% of Americans are on Twitter. But, you know, looking at the dangerous combination of what we've seen over the last few years, especially of people in power who don't believe in the Constitution, who openly question things like the First Amendment and right to free speech coupled with, oh, by the way, they control and are politicizing agencies like the Department of Justice and the FBI and Department of Homeland Security sickening the domestic newly formed domestic terror unit of the Department of Homeland Security on parents, like protesting at board of education meetings, because they're like, well, we don't agree with what you guys are trying to teach our young kids at school. And I've been hearing from a lot of people, people I know, a lot of people I don't know, in person on social media, people just saying like, like in a really serious and heavy kind of way, thank you for bringing voice to the things that I've been feeling and frustrated with. And so, you know, where people like, you know, like the guy in the, you know, the coffee shop in Greensboro, he's like, Oh my God, why don't you leave a different kind of, oh, okay, go listen. I, um, you know, I, I don't know, I could probably think of a number of reasons why it, uh, it escalated so quickly there where, you know, it got to a point where even as I was, you know, being very outspoken on different issues beforehand, I think certain powers that be maybe didn't think that, oh, well, you know, she's just saying her piece. And you, you can go down that path of these broad categorizations, whether it's based on party politics or race, ethnicity, religion, any of these boxes that, that they like to put us in and use as wedges to drive us apart, rather than again, focus like, all right, let's just go below the surface and recognize that, you know, all people from Hawaii are not the same or, you know, whatever the fill in the blank is, we get into dangerous territory when we judge each other just based on, you know, the superficial or the label that is attached to us. And one thing that, that I've heard from different hosts of different shows, and even some of the, you know, like the executives at Fox is like, Tulsa, we really like having you on because we never know what you're going to say. And a lot of parents being like, hold on a second, you know, my kid was out of school for two years and you want us to just forgive and forget as my kids trying to, you know, play catch up or, just whatever, you know, again, like I've, families who could not go and see a loved one in the hospital before they died. Now, now people who celebrated her one day, and the very next day, once she was like, no, I've made the biggest mistake of my life, completely shunning her calling her names, giving her death threats online, doctors who had cared for her one day the next day, once she had made this decision, not returning phone calls or telling her like, you know, she's still having serious medical issues based on the the mastectomy she had, that she can't figure out what to do with the doctors like, oh, just put some Vaseline on there. Like we're going to both like UFC or we're going to both like guitar, like there's going to be something there. You know, I always feel like all this stuff that we're talking about is like a separate world that I'm actually not that, I don't get fully engaged in that world because I actually have a bunch of businesses and like things going on. You look at the most one of the most egregious examples is where politicians will take money in their campaign and either live in the gray space of like, Oh, well, you know, and there are examples of this like, I'm going to use campaign money to pay for my spouse's salary because my spouse is helping out on the campaign, or I'm going to use, you know, $100,000 to pay for childcare because by paying for childcare, then I can go out and work on my campaign. I think they recognize too, kind of the difference between the, you know, the fast fashion, just buying like the cheap stuff, use it a few times and throw it away versus the conscious choice that I think a lot of people are starting to make is like, okay, I might pay a few more dollars, but I will take pride in knowing that in Origins case, from the cotton that's grown to the final hands that are putting those jeans in a bag, these were American hands that, and hard work and sweat that went into creating this. But, you know, none of us as people are, are monoliths, none of us are just walking around as like, oh, you know, this, these labels are attached to me, therefore I am that and it assuming that in our society has the negative effect of, of not encouraging that critical thinking, that independent thought, that healthy skepticism of like, all right, when I read this story or I hear this view, where are they coming from? Like, so like, every once in a great while, every once in a great while, like when I finished day zero of aerosol school in Hawaii, I was like, heck, I'm going to give me some donuts. Because originally, they thought, okay, well, big tech, you know, like, they, they're not going to be, to be an arbiter and a curator of information, they're just going to be, you know, an online platform, whereas the New York Times does curate, you know, what letters to the editor they choose to publish or the articles they choose to publish. It's not like been inching, like that it's like by hundreds of percent increasing to the point where, and I've talked with teachers who say like, yeah, of all the kids in my class, there's maybe two who don't consider themselves LGBTQ something. I mentioned parents going and, you know, protesting like, no, you know what, I don't want my seven year old kid being given books to read at school about like, well, tell me what your sexuality is or tell me what your gender identity is. One of these mainstream media, I don't know if it's the New York Times, New York, or one of these had an op-ed recently published where they're just like, oh, people should just forgive people like Dr. Fauci for being wrong because, hey, nobody really knew what was going on. So when you're in the military, you can do a much better job of taking people and like getting people the right mindset that's going to be beneficial for the country and for whatever country we're going into as opposed to if you're not in the military and you're sitting on the outside saying, well, it should be like this. And it was by the time, probably, probably two months into a six month deployment, I had to hold my nose and drink it like it was just shot at tequila, just like, oh, it made me want maybe we're thrown up and that kind of that kind of gave me like the kind of PTSD banana PTSD you're talking about. You know, from a leadership perspective, you have to be honest with people about what you know and what you don't know and what's like your best guess and what, and look, it never inspires confidence, right? It wasn't out of like this altruism of like blockchain technology and cryptocurrency and you know, all of, you know, for people who are, are big advocates of that and the opportunity they see for that in the world of technology, that was not his, did not appear to be his motivation. And I just like, I was just, you know, over the years, people are like, Oh, you know, who's your publicist? Biggles, you know, if you really love, I forget what it was, but it's something like, you know, if you really love the teams, you're going to eat this cottage cheese and like they're spooning it to his mouth. And so that's why you're talking about the the Overton window and you and you look at like, okay, well, you take people having open minds and like, okay, well, I can consider, you know, someone else's perspective, even if I don't agree with it, which is how things should be in general. Some of the things you're talking about earlier because for me, I actually know, you can get audio books and, you know, e-books and all that, but I'm one of those people who, like if I'm taking notes and getting ready for a TV interview, I'll look at what's on the computer and then I actually sit there and actually write it down. And by the way, that hard work, these are people that have mortgages that are learning like we got kids, I shouldn't call them kids, but you know, people that are 23 years old, 22 years old, that now have a skill that they have a career now, whether it's running a loom, whether it's running a press, whatever skill they're getting, they're getting a skill that they can now have a, they have a real job, they have a career, they have a life. In that podcast episode that I put out, there are actual videos from Boston Children's Hospital as one example of unfortunately, many where they're literally saying as soon as your child is capable of expressing themselves, you'll see signs of them, you know, deciding what their gender identity is, like before they can even use words and speak any kind of language that you look at like gestures and you look at all these different things. We all know the better leader says, Hey, you know, I'm never conducting operation like this before Tulsi, I know you have, how do you think we should do it?