And, you know, in the Marine Corps, you know, I had the opportunity because of some of the officers that I served with that let me tag along and go on some staff rides historically, which was like super, I mean, you know, going to over and study in Okinawa, the battle over there and seeing the reverse slope defense of the Japanese, like what we kind of went through, the Philippines, you know, the Korea, you know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, never really even like crossed my mind, you know, at the point, you know, when, like I remember I listened to you when you had like, when you and Dave, when you had Dave Burke on, you were talking about like the top gun when like we grew up. And, you know, bringing them to Gettysburg, everybody's like, you know, in Gettysburg, like who are these, it's like their lifeguards, like from San Diego, like, I mean, the whole Baywatch. They go to what, like if you come in, like, you know, when you first get down there, you know, and it's no offense to recruiters or anything like that, but you know, the kids are supposed to be able to have completed somewhat of a physical task prior to coming. But then when you meet like the smoke jumpers and the hotshots, that's like kind of like these people, like if we would have had Discovery Channel, like when you and I were kids in the 80s and I would have seen like, wait a minute, I can get paid money to get a chainsaw, which are always fun to operate. You know, everybody else is like, you know, hitting it and, you know, but it's, you know, when you, when you, when you keep everybody, you know, caged up down there and cell block and you're crossing the pond. And when I told him about my dad with baseball, he was like, you know, he like lit up like, cause he was like, you know, I played semi pro baseball up in New Jersey. I mean, I was like, oh, you know, when I came in there, I was like, you know, telling them to recruit, I was like, hey, I've got to be infantry. You know, because we were still back in the, probably in the half-cock days, you know what I mean, of the white feather, you know, the Chuck Mulhaney, you know, we're gonna, you know, the stocking and, which stocking is a, I would say stocking is, it's patrolling. So I mean, you know, like when you go see the doc and they're like, so on a pain scale of one to 10, like where I was like, dude, yeah, this is a 10. Some of the older, like the E7s and E8s that were there were Vietnam era guys, but you know, like what you would call like the troop handlers or more like the corporals and the sergeants kind of. You know, that kind of an aspect of, you know, even though we've got mine, you know, a lot of times people, you know, I got mine, let's make it harder for the next guy. But, you know, I used to make fun of them like, you know, cause he'd wear like Navy boxing and, you know, and of course Doug was a Navy wrestler. And, you know, there's nothing greater than when you're, you know, because, and it's not necessarily, you know, maybe their parents just, we don't know their background, how they were raised like for me. I don't know if we went through like a full school, but it was like a couple, like a day and a half or something like this. But when they show you like photos and stuff of like what people look like with blister agent and like, that was like a, that was a real threat. Like when I'm looking at an instructor, you know, if I walk in on training day one and the instructor looks like a seabag with lips and the first thing he's going to tell me how he used to be a badass, you know what I mean? So, you know, like back then, like Beirut was like, which was huge for the Marine Corps, you know, that incident. Like, so the first morning kind of like, you know, this morning I got up, you know what I mean? But, you know, back then like, I didn't really know that like there was other jobs like in the Marines. Like with the Navy, we don't like to PT and you don't want us to say, like it was, like it was odd, like the rules that they had there at the academy. I mean, those dudes, I mean, that's, and that's where, you know, when you're talking about like having these kids there compete at that level, like you at Hawaii, I mean, it's a different, that's just a different level of competition, playing those folks, man. It's, you know, like I said, I mean, you know, Eli Tucker had a huge effect on me as a platoon sergeant and, you know, coming in from the kids that were in that platoon. I mean, that battalion for some odd reason, man, we had some like amazing second lieutenants like that were just like, you didn't really see that many great guys that were all in that battalion from Pascoley to, you know, there was just a bunch of them. Yeah, I mean, it's, you know, if you're like the third hat, like the new guy and you're in there like big daddy and the recruits and handing out candy to them. And then once that was over, it seemed like that I just seemed like, well, I'm gonna be doing some kind of secret shit's going on, you know, like the SEAL teams, come on, we're doing stuff worldwide all the time. But I mean, you know, all my friends were like, dude, it must be so cool having like, you know, cause my dad's nickname was T-Bone. So I would say, you know, once you get into that team leader kind of role and NCO, you know, the non-commissioned officer, you know, that's when, you know, we're gonna start, you need to start thinking on your own. Like with the midshipmen and, and you know, and if they knew that like midshipmen can't leave the yard, but if they're running with me, then they're allowed to just say, I'm with Gunny, you know what I mean? And then, you know, the Navy docs that are taking care of me, you know, they were, they were kind of great guys, but one of the Navy doctors, commander, you know, he was like, yeah, I mean, it's not like we're, we're banging it, you know, in the main of like something that's just like incredibly difficult, but to some people, three pull ups is that's the most I've ever done in their life. And I remember at the time I'm thinking like, oh man, he's pretty fast for like being a big, you know, guy, but he's not big compared to like the D line or the O line or whatever. So these are like all the guys, like in the Navy, like they got guys that like have jobs. But when I was growing up, it seemed like everyone that played baseball was like a little Dominican dude or a little Puerto Rican dude, you know, like little guys. He wanted to like to elevate, you know, kids that are 13 and above, they kind of know that they know the basics of the game. Did you have like a global perspective of the world and think, well, you know, it's the, you know, Cold War is going on, you know, this could kick off. Like, can we just, so it was one of those props that's got like the little curtain that the, you know, the pilot like puts luggage on and then he takes the curtain and whips it over there to the side. That's a, you know, and you know, when you think of the events of an infantry company, you know, in a barracks, you know, you can't help but think of Beirut. And, you know, it was, you know, he told me, you know, let me tell you what it's like to be a drill instructor. And so when I was over there, like the midshipment on the football team, like they immediately came over and started talking to me, asking me, you know, like, hey, who are you? And, you know, we just, we go out, we go to the field, we run exercises, we come back, and then we get like, you know, like four or five days off. So you didn't really, you know, like nowadays, like kids move into their rooms and they got TVs, they got Xbox, they got all this kind of stuff. For instance, you know, you can go watch on YouTube, you can go watch like the Welcome Abored, not like the first night, but maybe it's the second day where the Marines, they have a very preplanned script that they're saying about, you know, this is the Marine Corps, this is what we're doing. You know, when some folks are like, yeah, Desert Storm was like, what, like 96 hours. So, you know, so for me, I was like, well, I asked the PE guy, like, do you care if I like run with them? Because like you didn't stay in the same, you know, officers are segregated out, you know, and then you just, what we, you know, they're not in cell block. Yeah, I mean, that's kind of like, I knew a lot of these kids, like they would come out and like, cause I would run every morning at five. So it's just a, you know, it's a fun time when you've got like 24 great Americans that just want to shoot bolt guns, you know what I mean? You know, there is a whole, like I said, this was Jason, you know, when Jason was on, there's like a spiritual side to this. I even read some theoretical physicists, the cork and the jaguar, which was like, that'd be a cool job to be like a theoretical fit, just like sitting in a room like this. I mean, not like big unit kind of guy, that big, you know, six, seven, six, nine, but then at like 10 years old, my brother quit growing and I kept growing.