Consider that right, where if you have something physically damaged on your brain, and that's causing this very specific behavior or whatever, like going to some other treatment that doesn't address the physical injury won't, doesn't seem like, I don't know, like, like you, I'm not a scientist, but that part still makes sense, you know, where, like, if, if you're in a spiraling thought pattern, that's different than if your brain is physically damaged, like, you know, like, you know, you hear football, we know football players where like, they had literally said, hey, I'm going to commit suicide, I'm not going to shoot myself in the head because I want you to study my brain. And so then the reality of the language barrier and just some of their customs and, but I think he, you know, pretty well protected us to really know the extent of, you know, he'd say I'm going out on a mission, but, you know, and I know at one point he did say that, you know, the numbers that you guys were, you were at from your missions, which is way more than other, you know, SEAL teams had been doing for the number of missions, but I don't think I completely understood. And, you know, soccer field and Ramadi, you know, tradeup building, you know, that was named after Mark on the base, you know, movies, books, you know, and I know we've been up to Mark's grave before and I said, man, that's the hardest thing to see your kid's name on a headstone. You know, we see your picture, you know, the tough, you know, knuckle-dragger kind of, you know, and that's not who, you know, and you're always the square, you know, face when you're doing, or whatever the thing is. And when you hear about like, Okay, so Mark's, you know, his first dad, or his biological dad's not around his, his stepdad comes in, he kills himself, like you, you can almost formulate in your mind, and there's not much money and there's like stuff going on, you formulate in your mind, this picture of this guy who must be, you know, kind of closed down, kind of angry, kind of rough, and like, it's just the absolute complete opposite. And, you know, whenever I'm talking to someone like, like personally talking to someone that wants to know about Chris, if I know them, you know, having a conversation with a little more depth. You know, the one story I always tell people about Chris is that when at the memorial service we did for Mark in Ramadi, like, you know, guys got up and talked and, you know, read things or, you know, told little anecdotal stories about Mark. And, you know, the way things happened, George Montsour, you know, they had that book come out, and, you know, we were talking, and I was like, you know, come on the podcast, and as soon as I got done, we were recording with him. Well, yeah, and that's like, you know, that's again, that's why it was really hard for me to say, you know, what I got to do this, and it was George Montsour and Mikey, you know, pushing me over the edge, because I know it's super emotional, obviously, and if it's emotional for me, I can't even imagine how emotional it is for you guys. And you know, I would, you know, if I wasn't going out or not, I, you know, as the vehicles were lined up, I'd go out like, you know, make sure everyone's good to go. So, you know, but he just realized this is what I'm supposed to do, you know, and like I told him, if you do not do him, God designed you do, you're going to come home and kick the dog and your wife and you're going to be fighting all the time or your girlfriend or, you know, you need to be where you're supposed to be. Like, even if he said something that normally would have made someone rage with anger, the way he would say it and the way he would laugh about it and the way he would shrug his shoulders and, you know, raise his eyebrows like, Hey, you know, as a matter of fact, there's a video of Mark and he's like doing something in a car. And so to see that impact, you know, to continue to be, even if that were only one time, mission accomplished, woohoo, but to see that continue to happen over and over and over and, you know, I know yesterday as we're at the funeral, there's, you know, so many more of our guys that this has caused things to surface in them. So I would make, you know, the spelling, the English, everything, you know, math, you know, let's figure out how much, you know, gallons of fuel you're going to need for and make it relatable. You know, I'm not thinking about me or how, you know, looking ahead, you know, I'm downward looking going, okay, I got to feed them, I got to get closed, we got to be here, we got to go there. But you know, at the same time, it doesn't change the fact that it's like a tragic loss or whatever, but it's like it's spawned like that sacrifice like spawned so many other good things that literally wouldn't happen. So, you know, you could reach out and say, you know, here's the circumstance, you know, their child has cancer and, you know, they need somebody to take care of their other kids. He had no morals, you know, he put all the waterways around his palaces because he figured that, you know, Allah wouldn't be able to see his sin if he, you know, put the water around him like, well, you don't think your God's big enough to look right down at what you're doing. And I guess there's some people, I've heard some people say like, you actually know, like you actually know if you're going to make it or not. And like, we're, we're at, we're sitting there playing blackjack and like, it's, we're, you know, guys are starting to peel off and like, Hey, we're going to the club because they're putting most of the guys are single. I know it's weird for me because when we got back, like I had friends tell me, I wasn't thinking about this, but like guys in the SEAL teams, they were reading the after actions reports that would come out every day and it'd be like, oh, this engage this many gunfight here. And like I said, I never tell all this all at once, but you think back through it, you know, like, oh my gosh, how did any of us, you know, turn out. He must have gotten away with, he must have gotten away with pretty much anything because so interestingly, when he rolled in, so he's, so he's automatically like, I think one of the first things he said was like, I can't be choked out, you know, like, I can't be choked out. And of course, he felt like that was his fault that we lost Mark that if he could have been there, you know, he could have saved Mark and like I've told so many others, there was somebody bigger in control that day, you know, that not that God caused Mark's death at all. And, you know, in the game, I'm like, Hey, Mark, Mark, look, look, and he's just, you know, nonchalantly drinking his beer and acting like, okay, whatever, no big deal. And they said, exactly, you know, and almost a panic, you know, here we got another one, you know, we thought we were good for a while. Then like one time they're, they're, they bring in other dealers, like they want to cool down the table, like they bring in a cooler and Mark would be like, Oh, they think they're bringing in the ice man. It's like, think of the reset that you get by, I don't know if I should use this term, a freaking 40-day vacation where you get to get this awesome treatment, you get good food, you got stress removed from your life, and it's like a reset on people's minds. He trained to make a difference in the world and, you know, to get rid of the evil that's out there, you know, for our family, for America, for everyone that lives here, you know, because he knew it was the right thing to do. You know, I think we had lost, you know, now looking back at it, you know, Operation Red Wing was just the year before. And I think, you know, you're, that's, that's who God designed you to be, you know, you can't be a class clown if you're, that's not in you, you know, you could drive as a back to back champion of class, which is no surprise at all. They were like, we knew you guys were freaking out after they were like, they would read them at the morning meeting, like everyone sit down, like read them aloud. You know, he's talking about Saddam about, you know, the man who cares nothing, you know, about moral life. And that's where, you know, my mission was, was these kids and loving on them and, you know, helping their parents raise them and be the best they can, you know, when the parents couldn't be there. And so, you know, some of those things that I interpreted, you know, sexual relationship as love, which it wasn't, you know? You know, and you, you know, I think it was late for was the one I'm like, you guys go back out there. And so finally, I'm like expecting Mark to get up and go, you know, I'm like, Hey, man, what are you going to the club with those guys? I'm like, Who is this Jocko willing guy that you know, even the admiral when we went in the day before the funeral was, you know, talking about Jocko willing and that you are crucial and getting the Silver Star award for him. So anyway, the point, and the point there is where that's not a spiraling thought pattern that's just, you know, getting in the way of his like, family life, his health, causing him to like, hey, maybe drinking will kind of leave, leave these thoughts and keeping them up at night or whatever. You know, Christopher, my oldest, he'd been the little man, you know, and he struggled and felt like because he wasn't the little man anymore, he wasn't loved. But if I know anything, I know God doesn't waste pain, you know. And it's because, you know, well, you know, in my opinion, from what I saw, the school system was built by girl, by women, and it was very well suited for girls, meaning sit at the desk and like do these things. And, and, you know, that scene of coming out of Charlie Med and seeing all those soldiers and Marines just lined up and, you know, that's like, sometimes people will attempt to bait me into saying something negative about the army of the Marine Corps and they can't do it. And then, you know, there's other things you can do, and then eventually you get to a point where you're like, okay, like, I got some friends, they're at the end of the rope. You know, and that's why for me, I want to know what are those things you don't like? She's kind of like, you know, the kind where she's just so happy to see everyone, you know?