But you know, you know the, that's, that's like a common phrase, you know, like a really negative like, oh, stop playing games with me. Do you feel like it's like a control thing, like, you know how, and you say this where it's like the, the, the, the big motivator, if not the biggest motivator for people is controlling their own destiny. it's, uh, it's bizarre for sure, but it's like kind of spooky because, you know, like someone's your friend and maybe, you know, in under certain circumstance, like you've only been through so many things with them a lot for sure. Like, you know, if you come across a family scenario where, you know, it's revealed to you that, you know, maybe they're not as supportive, you know, I had this, you know, my mom got sick, my dad got sick, my kid got sick, my job got lost, like all those problems and going, okay, here's what I can do about it. And I know, so I want to spend some time talking about this because I think a lot of people don't realize, I think a lot of people don't realize that they're in a game and that there is a game. But if you look at it like the opposite way, you're kind of like, oh wait, I can control the outcome, you know, take ownership of how you respond to things for sure. Like it's like that, that like you like them. Like, you know, you know, a lot of people, they'll say, Oh, if you got to write down your goals in order for them to come true, there's, that's, that's a good tactic. You know, like that was like for him, bro, I'd be like, how could you even live here? Being in that part, the courting part of it, it's like, there's that big game that you're talking about, but then there's a couple of, maybe two levels of psychological game within the game. Like the Jolly Rancher is like super delicious or someone, you know, something like this. And there's also, I don't know, maybe if this is more just a different take on the same thing, but there's like a small picture and big picture game going on as well. And you got one, you got an oodalooop that you're running like on right now about a business decision that you're making with a client that you're going to, you know, talk to later today. Like if something good happens to you, like big major life thing, you know, and then you could tell they're not happy. And I think just understanding your place in the world, you know how like, if you look at the world, just all of existence that you understand as one big puzzle, like, where are you in that puzzle? So, but I also think too, lifting like, bro, I can't lift like how, look, if I have a torn bicep toward ACL, torn, whatever, it's like, bro, I can never, I can't do squats anymore or bicep. But basically, I was saying, hey, if there's like an exercise, you know, when you get injured and you can't do a particular exercise, like for instance, when my arm was hurt, I couldn't do overhead squats for a long period of time. I mean, it'd be like, imagine you're pre jujitsu, like you didn't know anything about jujitsu and you got into a fight with someone